Starting time: 22:49 CET

### User Flow

1. User asks for a trade for X tokens in a Y time, specifying the slicing method (check [[#How to send the swap order?]]).
2. The backend checks if the splitting agent has enough allowance to commit the entire swap.
   1. If the agent does not have enough balance, the backend returns a response with the flag "hasToApprove" on, alongside the data and the destination for the Front to execute the transaction.
   2. After the allowance has been approved, the front will inform the backend.
3. The backend will then queue the split orders to the swap agent.
   1. We can store these split orders either in an off-chain database (i.e. mongoDB) or develop a Smart Contract that simply acts as a storage unit. (This depends on how much open we want to be)
4. The user will be able to see in the front-end the status of their swap orders

It is vital that no further interaction from the user is needed to avoid malicious or negligent meddling.

### How to send the swap order?

- Maybe we can ask for different models of slicing
  - Linear, exponential, constant...
- The less options the user has to provide information, the better.

### Splitting the order. TWAP Granularity

| **Granularity**         | **Use Case**                                                           |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Every second**        | High-frequency trading (HFT) on highly liquid markets.                 |
| **Every 5-15 seconds**  | Large-cap assets with deep liquidity, minimizing order visibility.     |
| **Every 1-5 minutes**   | Mid-cap assets, balancing execution cost and market impact.            |
| **Every 15-30 minutes** | Low-liquidity markets, reducing the risk of moving the price too much. |

### Security

- Prevent unauthorized transactions:
  - We will use a swapNonce, to ensure that the swaps are executed in the correct order
- Edge case: user approves allowance but in the middle of the TWAP process they withdraw the allowance. --> SafeTransfer in the router will revert and the swap order will be reverted. No retries will be made since the nonce would have moved forward. However, we will reflect this status in the database.

### The Swap Agent

- The swap agent will query the database every 5 seconds, filtering those swap orders whose order scheduled time is in between the range Date.now() and Date.now() - 5 seconds.
- What happens if there are too many swap orders in the 5 second interval?

### References

- [TWAP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time-weighted_average_price)

End time: 1:51 CET
