Starting time: 10:40 CET

- To whom do we grant the allowance? 
- How can we ensure that the on-chain nonce is respected with the swap executors?

### Scheduler + Listener
- Implementing both functionalities in the same program since it will need to remain up constantly.
- Naming the program Janus:
	- **Janus (Roman Mythology)** – The two-faced god of beginnings, transitions, and doorways, who symbolizes constant awareness and vigilance.

Ending time: 12:11 CET

---

Starting time 16:08 CET

Ending time 17:14 CET

Starting time 21:16 CET


### Listener

Discarding the event listener since the Swap event does not provide a SwapNonce. We could override this by means of creating a smart contract wrapper that executes the swap function and emits a custom event TWAPSwap with the swap information and the swap nonce.
Therefore, we have to rely on the Swap executors to send the transaction and to wait until the transaction is mined in the blockchain up until a certain block heigth.

### Orchestrating the executors
In order for the executors to work independently, we will use multithreading. Hence, we will create a Worker Orchestrator.

### Swap Nonce
Discarding the nonce from the entire architecture since the nonce would not allow for N TWAP legit requests to be executed simultaneously.

### Swap Executor
We will be the ones executing the swaps on behalf of the user (since they granted us the allowance to do the deferred swaps). This means that we would need to create a Swap Executor address, with enough funds to operate on a daily basis.


Ending time 3:43 CET